Update ownerTypeName from Company to Corporate (#1752)
MicrosoftDocs/IntuneDocs: intune/intune-data-warehouse-collections.md

|:-------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------:|
| ownerTypeID   | Unique identifier of the owner type.                                                                                                                                               |                            |
| ownerTypeKey  | Unique identifier of the owner type in the data warehouse   - surrogate key.                                                                                                       |                            |
| ownerTypeName | Represents the owner type of the devices:  Corporate  -   Device is enterprise owned.  Personal -   Device is personally owned (BYOD).   Unknown  -   No information on this device. | Corporate   Personal Unknown |

> [!Note]  

> > For the ownerTypeName in AzureAD when creating Dynamic Groups for devices you need to set the value deviceOwnership as "Company". Refer to [Rules for devices](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/groups-dynamic-membership#rules-for-devices) for more details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For the `ownerTypeName` in AzureAD when creating Dynamic Groups for devices, you need to set the value `deviceOwnership` as `Company`. For more information, see [Rules for devices](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/groups-dynamic-membership#rules-for-devices). 
```
